Fix naming conventions duplicate word (backport 1380) (#1503)
PrestaShop/docs: development/naming-conventions/_index.md

Actions follow these conventions:

> - Action names start with a lower case letter and end in _"Action"_ (e.g. `deleteAction`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Action names start with a lowercase letter and end in _"Action"_ (e.g. `deleteAction`).
```
